Docs: Slightly reconstruct the "Smooth upgrade mount pod" document (#1151)
juicedata/juicefs-csi-driver: docs/en/administration/going-production.md

Best practices and recommended settings when going production.

> ## Mount pod settings {#mount-pod-settings}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Mount Pod settings {#mount-pod-settings}
```

> * To support [smooth upgrade of Mount Pods](./upgrade-juicefs-client.md#smooth-upgrade), please configure the [CSI dashboard](./troubleshooting.md#csi-dashboard) or [JuiceFS kubectl plugin](./troubleshooting.md#kubectl-plugin) in advance;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* To support [smooth upgrade of Mount Pods](./upgrade-juicefs-client.md#smooth-upgrade), please configure the [CSI dashboard](./troubleshooting.md#csi-dashboard) or the [JuiceFS kubectl plugin](./troubleshooting.md#kubectl-plugin) in advance;
```

> * In order to support [smooth upgrade of Mount Pod](./upgrade-juicefs-client.md#smooth-upgrade), please configure [CSI dashboard](./troubleshooting.md#csi-dashboard) or [JuiceFS kubectl plugin](./troubleshooting.md#kubectl-plugin) in advance;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* To support [smooth upgrade of Mount Pods](./upgrade-juicefs-client.md#smooth-upgrade), please configure the [CSI dashboard](./troubleshooting.md#csi-dashboard) or [JuiceFS kubectl plugin](./troubleshooting.md#kubectl-plugin) in advance;
```

* For dynamic PV scenarios, it is recommended to [configure a more readable PV directory name](../guide/configurations.md#using-path-pattern);
* The `--writeback` option is strongly advised against, as it can easily cause data loss especially when used inside containers, if not properly managed. See ["Write Cache in Client (Community Edition)"](/docs/community/guide/cache#client-write-cache) and ["Write Cache in Client (Cloud Service)"](/docs/cloud/guide/cache#client-write-cache);

> * When cluster is low on resources, refer to optimization techniques in [Resource Optimization](../guide/resource-optimization.md#mount-pod-resources);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* When cluster resources are limited, refer to techniques in [Resource Optimization](../guide/resource-optimization.md#mount-pod-resources) for optimization;
```

## Collect Mount Pod logs using EFK {#collect-mount-pod-logs}

Troubleshooting CSI Driver usually involves reading Mount Pod logs, if [checking Mount Pod logs in real time](./troubleshooting.md#check-mount-pod) isn't enough, consider deploying an EFK (Elasticsearch + Fluentd + Kibana) stack (or other suitable systems) in Kubernetes Cluster to collect pod logs for query. Taking EFK for example:

- Elasticsearch: index logs and provide a complete full-text search engine, which can facilitate users to retrieve the required data from the log. For installation, refer to the [official documentation](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/elasticsearch/reference/current/install-elasticsearch.html).
- Fluentd: fetch container log files, filter and transform log data, and then deliver the data to the Elasticsearch cluster. For installation, refer to the [official documentation](https://docs.fluentd.org/installation).
- Kibana: visual analysis of logs, including log search, processing, and gorgeous dashboard display, etc. For installation, refer to the [official documentation](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/kibana/current/install.html).

> Mount Pod is labeled `app.kubernetes.io/name: juicefs-mount`. Add below config to the Fluentd configuration:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Mount Pod is labeled `app.kubernetes.io/name: juicefs-mount`. Add the configuration below to the Fluentd configuration:
```

* Configure cache persistence to ensure that the cache directory will not be lost when the container is destroyed. For specific configuration methods, read [Cache settings](../guide/cache.md#cache-settings);
* Choose one of the following methods (you can also adopt both) to ensure that the JuiceFS client has enough time to complete the data upload when the application container exits:
  * Enable [Delayed Mount Pod deletion](../guide/resource-optimization.md#delayed-mount-pod-deletion). Even if the application pod exits, the Mount Pod will wait for the specified time before being destroyed by the CSI Node. Set a reasonable delay to ensure that data is uploaded in a timely manner;
  * Since v0.24, the CSI Driver supports [customizing](../guide/configurations.md#customize-mount-pod) all aspects of the Mount Pod, so you can modify `terminationGracePeriodSeconds`. By using [`preStop`](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/containers/container-lifecycle-hooks/#container-hooks), you can ensure that the Mount Pod waits for data uploads to finish before exiting, as demonstrated below:

    :::warning

>     * After `preStop` is configured, if the write cache is not uploaded successfully, the Mount Pod will wait for the time set by the `terminationGracePeriodSeconds` parameter and cannot exit for a long time. This will affect the normal execution of certain operations (such as upgrading Mount Pod). Please fully test and understand the corresponding risks;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * After `preStop` is configured, if the write cache is not uploaded successfully, the Mount Pod will wait for the time set by the `terminationGracePeriodSeconds` parameter and cannot exit for a long time. This will affect the normal execution of certain operations (such as upgrading the Mount Pod). Please fully test and understand the corresponding risks;
```
